today I'm going to introduce you to a
new G seventh product the G seventh
vocal capo
the g7 vocal capo I just need to explain
a little bit about the G seventh
performance guitar capo because the to
operate in a very similar way so the G
seventh guitar capo is simply released
like so placed over the strings and
squeezed it's infinitely adjustable and
it's locked
just like that so this is the G seventh
vocal capo comes in three sizes and for
my particular voice we need the large
size and I can't tell you full details
about how the capo works because we're
still applying for patents and we have
to keep certain things secret but if I
just apply the capo and give it a bit of
a squeeze then I can raise my voice a
third if I give it a bit more of a
squeeze I can raise my voice of fifth
and if I give it a really good squeeze
back to its normal place now if you want
to hear more details of gcf's vocal capo
or indeed any of our other products
please like our facebook page using the
button right here
you
so if I apply the capo and give it a bit
of a squeeze I can raise my voice a
third if I give it a bit more of a
squeeze I can raise my voice of fifth
should we need unite sighs me I can
raise my voice a fifth and if I give it
a really good school I can raise my
voice that little bit more and if I give
it a really good squeeze I can reach the
whole octave I mean that didn't wear
very well did it I think I was shut up
it bobber operates in the same kind of I
can raise my voice a third and if I give
myself give give the so this you will
notice I haven't done this before
you